The Man and His Two Wives
Once, there was a man who had two wives. One wife was young, and had long, black hair. One wife was old, and had short, grey hair. The man was not young or old. He had short, black hair, but his hair was turning grey.

The young wife did not like this. When people saw them, they said, ‘Look, that old man has such a young wife! He could be her father!’

So every night, she brushed his hair and said, ‘Dear husband, I see a grey hair. Grey hairs make you look old. Can I pull it out?’

The husband loved his wife, so he said, ‘Of course,’ and she pulled the grey hair out.

‘Now you look more young!’ she said.

But the older wife did not like her husband’s black hairs. When people saw them, they said, ‘Look, that old woman has such a young husband! She could be his grandmother!’

So if he had grey hair, people would not think that she was his grandmother. She could wait for the grey hairs to grow, but she did not like waiting.

So every morning, she brushed his hair and said, ‘Dear husband, your grey hairs make you look so mature. But your black hairs make you look young. Shall I pull out this black hair?’

The husband loved his wife, so he said, ‘Of course,’ and she pulled the black hair out.

‘Now you look more mature!’ she said.

Well, this kept on for many months. First, the wives pulled out one hair, then two hairs, then three hairs. Soon, they were pulling out twenty hairs a day.

One day, the older wife went to brush her husband’s hair, but there was no hair to brush.

‘What has happened?!’ she said. ‘My dear husband, you are bald!’

‘Bald?’ said the man. He put his hand on his head. ‘Oh, I am bald!’

The older wife did not like this. Now he had no black hairs and no grey hairs. He did not look young or old, and she wanted him to look mature.

The younger wife also did not like it, because now the man looked older than her.

The man had just wanted his wives to be happy. But he had just made them both sad.

So again you see, you cannot please everyone.
